== README

# GstreamApp
## Goal:
To allow users to discuss and classify individual songs in genres with minimal words.

## User Stories:

* As a user (AAU) I want to (IWT) generate an account
* AAU IWT be able to log in to the website
* AAU IWT be able to add a genre to the list of genres
* AAU IWT be able to add an artist to a genre of my choice
* AAU IWT be able to add a song to an artist of my choice
* AAU IWT be able to terminate my session and have the changes persist.
* AAU IWT be able to view some content on g-stream even when I am not logged in.
* AAU IWT be able to edit any contribution I have made to g-stream.
* AAU IWT be able to delete any contribution I have made to g-stream.

### The above made it into the app as it stands now.

Future feature user stories:

* AAU IWT be able to vote on in a particular song belongs on its genre via "like"
* AAU IWT be able to add a genre to an existing artist and have him or her appear in the appropriate area.
* AAU IWT be able to move a song into a different genre if it has <NUM> downvotes in its current area.
* AAU IWT know that there are admins on the site that monitor and ban trolls.
* AAU IWT be able to add songs via search
* AAU IWT be able to create my own library of genres/artists and compare it to that other users.
* AAU IWT be able to delete my account if I so choose.

## Website flow:

1) User creates account and logs in.
2) User may view/interact with the existing content immediately by adding genres, artists, or songs.

## Technologies Used:

- Rails 4.0
- Skeleton for CSS layout
